[This program has Thai subtitles]
[Farm Loves Vegetable Farmers]
[Episode 8]
Super imagination
The story is wonderfully written.
My acting skills are very good.
Now I have received enough principal.
You can now make extra garlic peanuts.
I would sell it to the entire region.
Boss Zhang is so bold.
Please make a large deposit.
The young master is so worried about Mrs. Lian.
Obviously, this Empress Lian is
Really not an ordinary person
you think too much.
I have been to the Carriage Inn many times.
I didn't see you wearing red.
Prince's order
Shishan didn't dare to delay.
I have already met the servants of the Song family.
Only the Song family
Because a robbery occurred during this time
Close your mouth tightly.
I'm still investigating.
That doesn't work at all.
Shishan will do his best.
What are you trying?
must be separate
I haven't been here very long.
and forget their identity
Why are you still standing? move.
arrived
Remember what I told you.
I saw the ledger
Can I go to Yuelaitang?
List of young masters of the Song family?
When groping other participants in a movement
cannot be obtained from the product
and then take action in the other direction
Enter the Tiger Cave
Entering the Song family mansion
Go get the ledger.
please accept.
Now Shi San is going to deal with this matter.
Friends from the same village as you
Why are you back on the set?
The money hasn't been collected yet.
Two hundred taels.
You can come and go freely like this.
He also keeps his word very well.
Must be someone you can trust.
You are very close to him.
Just a little bit.
You can also trust your life.
let's go.
sister in law
Here you can light firewood.
Or will you burn me to death?
I got choked up
Mother
Please take a quick look.
this house
Mother
These firewoods are very moist.
The point simply doesn't hold up.
all this firewood
Mom just took it out to bask in the sun yesterday.
Sister-in-law means
Mom, doesn't she work?
I did not mean that.
leave
Go to that corner.
cut vegetables
real
Mom is really talented.
The focus is immediate.
look.
Look at your great aunt.
This time it will be quite difficult.
Whoever does something will be rewarded with karma.
curtain
stop.
Stay away from home all day
Who said you went up the mountain?
Go catch a pheasant and give it to your mother.
Doesn’t it nourish the body?
What about the pheasant?
I now came back empty handed.
I can't catch it.
Indeed not.
No
It doesn't have to be difficult, please.
How can you think of us like this?
if we have money
I must give it to grandma.
grandmother
Treatment costs to date
We haven't gathered everything together yet.
you say
It doesn't matter.
I came here to follow up on symptoms.
Zhang's uncle
So, he also brought the medicine to her.
People who have to work in agriculture every day to make a living
How dare you be so subtle?
I had a miscarriage that time
The next day everything was business as usual.
You look at me.
This is normal, isn't it?
Is it right?
please accept.
these drugs
How much does it have to be?
This must...
grandmother
These are herbs collected from the mountains.
No need to spend a penny.
I'll ask grandma first.
Man'er
Please forgive me first.
【Jiujiu Cold Medicine】
Almost discovered
No room separation
Grandma kept watching her and never let her go.
Sooner or later it will definitely be taken away.
Continuing to do this is not a good idea.
Aunt Zhang's condition is getting better and better.
I can't always come to deliver medicine.
No
You have to deliver.
Not only that
You still have to send a lot.
Shipped every day
I figured out a way.
Must be able to separate your house.
let's go.
Where does one go?
Mother
What day is it today?
Why are there chickens to eat?
Let your daydreams go.
And why did Maner mention curry chicken?
Come out of the kitchen.
Mrs.
Did she kill the chicken?
do not you know?
You ran away.
I will kill you
Is it tasty?
mean person
I get up early and go to bed late.
Take care of my chickens.
You greedy bastard!
When I opened my eyes, I continued eating.
if not for
It's the adults who are instigating it.
Does she dare to kill the chicken?
Man'er
Isn't this the chicken that my grandparents ordered to be slaughtered?
Well, that's not the case.
Father, what are you going to do?
Take it and return it to grandma.
This is grandma's life.
Xiao Qi
this child
Have you gone to heaven?
Do you want to eat?
able
I will kill all these chickens.
Keep everyone fed.
Let them die.
this...
or you
I will reassemble the chicken.
And then return it?
Father
important chicken
Or is mom more important?
Mom must have chicken curry sauce.
In order to recover as soon as possible
Please suffocate to death.
Yes Yes.
I am going to kill you.
I'm going to kill someone.
you
Mother
Don't stop me.
You don't have to stop me.
mothers, mothers
What are you doing?
I'll kill it.
mothers
It's your child's fault.
I'm the one who killed the chicken.
You can scold me if you want.
Fight if you want.
Do I dare to hit you too?
I've reached this age.
but the kids
Bully
For now, thankfully I'm still moving forward.
Still talking, still working, still eating, still drinking.
Suddenly one day, I had to stay in bed sick.
No one came to bring me water.
Hurry up and pretend to sleep.
able
once you have the power
then drag me
pull me up the mountain
Then bury it too.
How infuriating.
mothers
This is not good.
My mother lost consciousness.
Brother Heng
He told me straight up.
How is my mother doing?
Uncle Zhang
worsening of symptoms
Internal organ damage
The blood has dried.
If you don't nourish it, come back.
I'm afraid
This nation may never fully heal.
symptoms like this
Ten nourishing soups must be eaten for a long time.
Ten nourishing curry soups?
Here are ten nutritious curry soups.
Be sure to use ginseng
Ganoderma lucidum
Polygonum multiflorum sea amber
Ten rare medicinal herbs
Let's boil it together to get
Comrade Shen
Ten Nourishing Curry Soups That Are Not...
if you eat
You have to eat it for five or six years.
What?
Do I have to eat it for the rest of my life?
So how much do you need?
But it doesn't matter.
if you spend all your money
You can still find a new one.
There is adequate treatment.
There are many adults at home.
Everyone has to work together.
It will definitely help you get through this.
I have a grandfather and a grandmother.
There is an elder uncle and a second uncle.
I just want everyone in the family to stick together.
I have to take this medicine for the rest of my life.
They can handle it.
Tell your family immediately.
Take the property ownership certificate of the house and mortgage it to Uncle Jin.
Let's change some money and go back first.
There are also thirty acres of land.
I'm going to mortgage it all.
OK
Big brother, second brother, third brother
The mother's symptoms worsened again.
Wake up quickly and take a look.
wake up.
Father
a while.
You said it just like I told you.
I promise
Grandma's condition will get better soon.
Did you say anything?
It really hurts.
This hurts.
Mom, what's wrong with you?
Relapse.
chest pain
several days ago
Fortunately, Man'er
Call the young man Heng over.
Man'er's mother
So I survived.
Shao Wanheng has superb medical skills.
If so, invite him again.
Please check on your mother.
I owed Brother Heng money for medicine before.
Haven't used it back yet.
The exam fee has not yet been paid to him.
If you come up empty handed this time, go and ask him.
I'm afraid it won't be good or bad.
I owe others kindness.
I can't owe him any more money.
No matter how much money you have to give him, give it to him.
How much have you spent on therapy in the past?
It was wild ginseng that saved that tree's life.
seventy taels
The young man was hesitant to pay for the test.
I really won't give it.
So I'm very cheeky.
Give another ten taels of compensation.
Eighty taels or
grandmother
Really powerful.
Have you recovered?
The young master of the Wang family
He said he didn't want an inspection fee.
But judging from your appearance, I will still follow you.
Do you think our country has money?
I've never had a competition when it comes to food and clothing.
But this money
regardless
I have to help him get the money.
How much money do you have left at home?
these words
Your wife taught you
Is this how you talk to us?
Why do you study bad stuff?
Dare you make plans with the people in the house?
if you really have no money
Well, it's like a Big Brother story.
You Heng is Wang Laojin’s son.
He was all too familiar with borrowing money.
We borrowed another eighty taels from him.
If you have money, spend it slowly.
What would you borrow?
Your brother has a backer from the Song family.
will become a noble
what do you have?
Who but the wife would
Dead, dead, dead, dead.
What else do you have?
I raised my son. It's such a waste to raise you.
What's the use of raising you like this?
Get the fuck out of my head.
grandmother
At least
We are a family.
Just because we are in debt
You will separate us.
That can't be the case.
Yes
Separated and unable to care for all of you.
I don't have the ability to take care of all of you.
Eighty taels
You will use it and retrieve it yourselves.
This has nothing to do with me.
Who dares to talk about room allocation?
let's go.
Eighty taels
Pay it back yourselves.
Father
Grandma arranged different houses for us.
Our debt to Brother Heng
How do I return an item?
not separated
If you don't want to separate, you must separate.
separation
We are still discussing room allocation.
You still dare to hit me?
Still have to separate the family
You hit me
He also said that the house is separate
Stop fighting, stop fighting
Grandpa, stop fighting
I will divorce you. Do you believe?
Stop fighting now.
I have taken care of this house for many years.
Mother
You are my wife.
I will divorce you.
Dad, why did you hit me?
Do you believe I will divorce you?
Do you believe?
Do you dare to hit me?
Master Shen
How about this plan?
What a great plan you have.
Now
Only grandpa refused.
Grandpa looks very beautiful.
But in reality, it favors the main house and the secondary house.
Should be able to stand for long periods of time.
And what other methods do you have?
You can order from me now.
Don't be impatient.
People from your Lian family
There must be someone who can't stand it.
Let's wait and see what's in store.
What's wrong?
I heard a noise.
It's like going down together.
My mother brought up the matter of room sharing.
The father then shouted loudly.
Do you think mom can handle it?
Did your mother suggest room sharing?
nonsense
Normally, the mother would hear the news of the separation.
I cried and died.
Why did you bring it up yourself?
Third Prince
Owe Wang's son's medical expenses
Eighty taels.
The third wife is sick now.
I don't know a little more.
How much does it cost to buy a house?
Do you think mom can’t provide it?
i still think
The body of his wife Zhao San
Eat two chickens, nourish it a little, and it will disappear again.
not cheap
Mom said there was a reason for this.
Houses must be separated
Think about it.
Just take care of three more wives.
Won't
A black hole that never stops eating money?
Our auspicious time has come.
I can't afford to go to school.
This is indeed the case.
I'm afraid my father won't agree.
Those two big houses
Smarter than both of us.
Maybe now we can discuss this.
You can stay in the room.
Just give us a big house.
then mom
Make faces together
My father would definitely agree.
I think so.
start from tomorrow
You don't have to work hard anymore.
We must let the Father know.
our needs
I would pretend to be the first to get sick.
I first got off work.
How to pretend?
I, I, I...
I also...
Don't worry about it, I have a solution.
And me?
you?
you also
He pretended not to care.
I won't do it.
Whoever wants to do it, just do it.
If I don’t do it, who will?
After separation
i will write a letter
Talk about separating the house from Jiju
Ji Zhu was studying in the capital.
It will take several more years to recover.
He said that when he came back
Are these shoes enough for him?
Mother
Is our Ji Zhu a centipede?
You can sleep now
Peanuts in the field
Old enough to harvest
If soaked by rain
It must have been completely destroyed.
before the heavy rain comes
I had to put it all back together.
you two?
the two of them...
How is this going?
Eaten too much or have gas in your stomach?
Father
I am pregnant.
pregnant?
Hey hey hey!
Since when?
It's been over a month.
I didn't have time to tell my parents.
But this pregnancy
It doesn't look very stable.
I just hung my head, feeling sick and dizzy.
Most likely won't work.
Who gave you this disease?
Are you pregnant with golden eggs?
I am pregnant with three sons.
do everything
He had already woken up before the sky cleared.
and three daughters-in-law
before birth
Still a lot of work
this...
damn it.
Mother
The three wives fell down at once.
Still almost died.
scare me too
And if
I faint sometimes.
The ball dropped.
Although I won't die
but at home
You have to pay a lot of money, right?
Really, Soy?
Yes
You can't fall.
You can't have children.
But I don’t have the wisdom to pay back the money.
that's right.
second wife
Don't go to the farm today.
Have you finished cooking?
My sister-in-law is cooking today.
I gonna go see.
Father
Porridge this morning
I was boiled and burned.
last night
There are still some steamed buns left.
You can eat it first.
If it's really impossible
I would do it again.
You son of destruction.
good rice
You messed everything up.
Just a moment
If you don't look, something will happen.
Go ahead and help.
Mom, this is me...
Shang Yi
Mother
My wife is pregnant and I have to be careful.
if...
Eat this.
It's too late
Are you pregnant?
I'm pregnant.
Eat quickly.
After eating, we hurried to the farm.
It's already going to rain.
Call Soren over.
Today we went to the farm together.
Father
Suoren was thinking about whether to return to the district.
I'm going to teach
New Private Study Center
Now
You must be prepared to read this book.
Big brother is really funny.
Only one day of rice harvest
It doesn't work anymore.
As for Zhao San
from morning to night
I have to go back and take care of my wife.
only myself.
Very busy from morning to evening.
Why?
Dad, I can't go today.
I won't do it, I'm tired.
Father
Don't blame me for talking too much.
Zhao San's wife
lie in bed all day
Both rice and flour can be used for duck, chicken, fish and meat
If you want to eat anything, you can eat it.
Then come and see us.
There is nothing to eat or drink.
As tired as a mule
This isn't fair.
Second sister-in-law
This is my wife.
That's because it's on fire.
To be able to lie in bed
There is no choice.
She doesn't want to.
But now I'm pregnant too.
I do not care.
Mother
I want to eat two eggs.
You went to see your third daughter-in-law.
Go find her yourself.
Don't think I don't know.
What are you thinking?
You want me to see it, right?
Want to share a room?
if i haven't died yet
No one should separate the house.
from morning to night
Just keep complaining.
Any other matters?
Days with nothing to do
I do not care.
I will eat eggs.
grandfather
uncle
I had something to do, so I was late.
Let's hurry up.
Now don't fall again.
hurry up.
Take a break first.
Thank you very much for today.
Otherwise my peanuts
Must be soaked in rainwater
The damage must have been severe.
grandfather
So considerate.
Thanks.
Why don't you see your second uncle?
Come to the farm.
grandfather
The other day, I heard a story.
I will tell you to relieve your boredom.
Take it.
It is said that during the Spring and Autumn Period
There was a woman in the state of Wu.
To help the family make money
So I went to the border of Chu State to pick mulberry leaves.
I'm not careful.
A woman was injured while picking mulberry leaves.
This woman from Wu State
I don't think this is serious.
I do not know why.
This Chu woman
suddenly leave this world
So the two families
A quarrel ensued.
General A Wu
I know this.
This general of Wu State
I thought people in my own area
being bullied
So he got angry.
Lead the soldiers to fight against Chu
eventually upgraded to
Eight regions are at war
This woman from Wu State
I just want to do this for my family.
I can't imagine anything serious coming from this.
seemingly good things
may result in
Many disasters followed.
This is still the case in both places.
Not to mention ordinary families.
I got it now.
You're blaming me.
Because I'm in the same house
This brought a lot of trouble to the Lian family.
Then your aunt...
It doesn't matter.
The third prince's wife is your aunt.
Please tell her.
is appropriate.
Thank you grandpa for your understanding.
I know Uncle Rong and Aunt Rong’s daughter-in-law.
I want my aunt to divide the house.
My aunt is not.
People who don’t know the kindness of others.
She also wants her family to have what they want.
grandfather
If so, please take advantage of this opportunity.
Let's decide.
Cover these completely.
damn it.
Already old
Really old
old man with tough skin
Well deserved
OK
I'm going to boil water.
Let's soak your feet.
How much money is left at home?
Do you really want to repay Chao Sam's debt?
By then, if the Song family
Find a noble position for the prince
It definitely takes money to manage.
By then, you will
Where do you go to get the money?
I think so.
The third wife is really a burden.
He kept provoking the third prince all day long.
And they take advantage of us.
It is better to be against divorce.
farm work
It's almost over
tomorrow
I'm going to take a walk around the area.
go visit old friends
in those stores
I haven't seen them for a long time.
Then
Whatever you do, just do it.
turtle
Same as before, nothing wrong
At that point, his mother lost her temper.
I walked outside.
hide quietly
such a big family
Wait for me to handle it alone.
Zhao San
Come out.
come here.
Mother
Is there anything you can't say at home?
Must come outside too.
Second aunt
what are you doing here?
As for me, I went for a walk.
yes...
what are you doing here?
I also come for a walk.
Let's go for a walk.
Zhao San
Mom seemed to open her mouth.
Finally, we will be able to separate the houses.
Let us not keep your wife.
Please divorce.
You've heard of it, right?
Don't keep your wife
What does Grandma Chao mean?
At that time, you were as good as your brother.
Xiuchai is expected to pass the exam.
If not to help your wife.
Until my legs went crooked
Impossible to become a noble
Must come today
farmer or
Mother
Don’t mention things from the past anymore.
Why do not you speak?
Divorce her and leave our family.
There is no need to separate the house.
Waiting for Nuhua
Married into the Song family
Brother, you will become a great nobleman.
Until then, find you a wife.
Both are good people and both are good at their jobs.
Simple things die.
Mom, I can't.
Something happened, go talk to my dad.
stop.
If the father disagrees
Can Mommy talk about this?
Does my father agree?
Don't you know your father yet?
He waited for me to send his message.
walk up to him
Close one eye and be a good person.
Then let mom play the role of the villain.
thoughts about divorce
Your father thought of this before I did.
This is the old man in the family.
Zhao San
Don't be impatient.
Your wife is of no use.
Keeping it is a burden.
Moreover, I had to find three meals to eat.
Trust mom.
You go talk to your father.
Your eldest brother, your second brother.
Say you want to divorce your wife.
Our family is like this
You will be able to live a peaceful life.
It is not good?
Enough, let's agree to that.
let's go.
come on let's go
Who has a mother-in-law like this?
Eight lifetimes of bad luck
Grandma just said something that was not worth listening to.
He didn't argue a word.
People like my father.
I am a man.
Who only listens to mother's words
Mom, don't let him
Just be kicked out
Let's hurry up.
Your father wouldn't do that.
What not to do?
This is what I see.
Grandma has always said that she wants to divorce her wife.
Father said nothing.
You could tell he was hesitant.
Think about it.
What things are normal?
He disobeyed his grandfather and grandmother's orders
Which stories?
he had resisted
at last
What did grandpa and grandma say?
He did, didn't he?
My father was not a man at all.
Come to the lobby, everyone.
big boss, little boss
You three have something to tell you.
Wait, what if grandpa says he wants to divorce his wife?
I'll take you and Xiaoqi away right away.
Man'er
3. Don’t remain silent.
Come on and talk
Your father and your brother.
Zhao San
If something happens, just say it.
I will give you justice.
Yes
Father
Mother
For many years, the family's income was not enough to cover expenses.
Mother did everything she could.
Find a way to take care of the house.
So does my father.
Keep your head down and keep working.
Farming is difficult.
To raise children and grandchildren
Brother Rong also encountered some troubles.
Nong Sam also said flattering words to the living people.
What?
The mother wants Nong San to divorce his wife.
Divorce your wife
- Divorce your wife or
- Divorce your wife.
Treatment costs
My wife’s eighty taels
I had to squander all the money I had at home.
The eldest brother and Ji Zhu have an exam.
Second sister-in-law
Still pregnant
after this
need money
a lot of
Young people always say
my wife
after this
Take expensive medicine every day
This requires money.
Another big one
so
me
Speak quickly.
say
Father
give it to my family
Let's separate the house.
You crazy bastard!
Your wife taught you
Come on, let’s talk about this, right?
kind words from parents
You don't listen.
Go listen to that mean bitch.
You don't want your parents anymore, do you?
Mother
You will only take your wife with you.
Grandma, stop forcing yourself.
You can stop forcing it.
I know
I am not as good as my elder brother.
The one who passed the exam was Xiuchai.
This gave the Lian family a good reputation.
But about moral principles
I learned about it from the Education Office
yesterday
I still remember it in my mind.
A poor friend has not left him.
The more seriously ill the wife is, the less likely she should do this.
No matter how difficult the days ahead are
or sick
I will protect her and respect her.
I will never abandon her.
Father
Mother
child
ungrateful
please
They also help you.
Eighty taels of silver
You and your three daughters-in-law have suffered a lot.
When your brother becomes a noble
I'll ask him to pay you back.
the rest
Our family cannot take advantage of you.
The tree has grown up
Must branch
【Gong sound】
Not all the peanuts have been sold out yet.
What are you doing sitting here?
The day before rice fields
I convinced my grandfather to make this decision.
thought
Let grandpa agree to the room allocation.
I didn't expect what grandpa would think of your father.
I divorced my wife because of this.
I'm bragging.
beyond boundaries
I thought about what was going on.
You think a lot too.
if not you
My grandparents would not force my father.
until now
My father wouldn't fight back.
This is all thanks to you.
Just now, you were just looking at the ancestral temple.
What are you looking at?
People with ancestral charms
You can come to the ancestral temple to worship.
There must be honor
Although I speak with morals
A little in front of Grandpa Chao.
but i didn't expect
He is completely wrong.
in this world
Noble examination
This is the only way out for the people.
He protects his uncle.
There is an understandable reason.
Can you understand?
Even if everyone accepts this principle
But this is a twisted principle.
future world
There will be no class divisions based on occupation.
Everyone will be equal.
The future world?
Yes
We humans must look forward.
There must be such a world.
everyone is equal
Everyone is cool and happy.
Why are you looking at me?
see you so happy
Have you considered?
How a house is divided
Do I need to think about it?
noble emperor
Separate house, divided assets
Although the Lian family doesn’t have much money,
But treasures and rice fields
think there are some
But with the character of grandma Chao
If I don’t fight for it, won’t I give it to you?
Why didn't I think of this?
Mom and dad will never argue.
Xiaoqi is too young.
The only one who can speak is me.
to compete for the second house
Where are you and grandma?
Major matters such as room allocation
Does your aunt’s family know?
you mean
Looking for help?
[Mission: Qianliang]
[Income from selling garlic peanuts is 78 taels]
[Fee 0]